Today we're going to check out
the portable portal
that just got released by Safe-Portals.
As you may know, due to security reasons,
portals used to be required
to be fixed on walls.
So will this portable version
be a game changer?
We will find that out today.
So we're going to set it up in this room
over here.
And I'm going to put one portal
each on the walls over there.
Opening up,
the first thing we have here
is the user manual.
Always good to start with that.
And we've got two charging cables,
one for each portal.
The battery life on these portals
is not bad,
lasting up to 24 hours on a single charge.
Now we have the portals themselves.
They're attached back to back right now,
and they've got a nice clean design.
Now, if we take a look at the
portal app,
we can adjust the different parameters
and see relevant info,
which is very handy.
Got the portals on the table right now,
but we're going to put them on the floor
to have more working area.
So we can increase the width...
width. The height
and turn on the lights on the sides.
And can change the color.
It's currently red,
but you can't really see
in this lighting.
Well, let's get them on the walls.
We can have one on the left
panel of that door,
and one next to the outlet over there.
One thing to note is the once
you separate the two portals,
you can't change the size anymore.
And both portals have some gecko material
on the back to grab onto
most flat surfaces.
Okay, now the portals are installed.
We can now press the activate button.
Whoa.
That's trippy.
Well, seems like everything's
working properly.
Now let's get a closer look.
So if I wave my left hand into this portal,
we’re supposed to see it on the left.
And if I wave my right hand into the left portal,
we're supposed to see on the right.
Yeah.
Overall,
I think it's really cool to have something
so lightweight and convenient.
I haven't done much research
into the security features,
but I do trust Safe-Portals on this.
I definitely recommend this product.
You can purchase it on the Safe-Portals
official website,
or click the link in the description below
for a 20% discount.
Don't forget to like and subscribe
for more videos.
See you next time!